jack/breadcrumb-context-menus (#295)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-06.mdx

title: Changelog | June, 2024
---

## Breadcrumb Context Menus

_June 11th, 2024_

> Folder path breadcrumbs on Prompt, Workflow, Test Suite, and Document index pages can now be renamed via right click without navigating to a parent folder! You may also notice that all of the cards on these pages can also be right clicked to access the same options as ir three-dot menus. You'll see more right click menus appearing throughout the app in the coming weeks and months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Folder path breadcrumbs on Prompt, Workflow, Test Suite, and Document index pages can now be renamed via right click without navigating to a parent folder! You may also notice that all of the cards on these pages can also be right clicked to access the same options as in three-dot menus. You'll see more right click menus appearing throughout the app in the coming weeks and months.
```

> Folder path breadcrumbs on Prompt, Workflow, Test Suite, and Document index pages can now be renamed via right click without navigating to a parent folder! You may also notice that all of the cards on these pages can also be right clicked to access the same options as ir three-dot menus. You'll see more right click menus appearing throughout the app in the coming weeks and months.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You'll now see breadcrumbs that show the folder path whenever visiting the details of an entity in Vellum. This is helpful for seeing the file structure and easily navigating up to a parent folder.

With this, you can also rename a parent folder by right-clicking on its breadcrumb rather than having to first navigate to its parent.

Lastly, can also now access all of an entity's "More Menu" options by right-clicking its card when on the entity's grid view.
```
